and Joab was told behold the king is
and Joab was told behold the king is weeping and mourning for Absalom so the
weeping and mourning for Absalom so the
weeping and mourning for Absalom so the victory that day was turned into
victory that day was turned into
victory that day was turned into mourning for all the people for the
mourning for all the people for the
mourning for all the people for the people heard it said that day the king
people heard it said that day the king
people heard it said that day the king is grieved for his son and the people
is grieved for his son and the people
is grieved for his son and the people stole back into the city that day as
stole back into the city that day as
stole back into the city that day as people who are ashamed steal away when
people who are ashamed steal away when
people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle
they flee in battle
they flee in battle but the king covered his face and the
but the king covered his face and the
but the king covered his face and the King cried out with a loud voice oh my
King cried out with a loud voice oh my
King cried out with a loud voice oh my son Absalom oh my son my son
son Absalom oh my son my son
son Absalom oh my son my son then Jorah came into the house to the
then Jorah came into the house to the
then Jorah came into the house to the king today
king today
king today you have disgraced all your servants who
you have disgraced all your servants who
you have disgraced all your servants who today have saved your life the lives of
today have saved your life the lives of
today have saved your life the lives of your sons and daughters the lives of
your sons and daughters the lives of
your sons and daughters the lives of your wives and the lives of your
your wives and the lives of your
your wives and the lives of your concubines in that you love your enemies
concubines in that you love your enemies
concubines in that you love your enemies and hate your friends for you have
and hate your friends for you have
and hate your friends for you have declared today that you regard neither
declared today that you regard neither
declared today that you regard neither Prince's nor servants for today I
Prince's nor servants for today I
Prince's nor servants for today I perceive that if Absalom had lived and
perceive that if Absalom had lived and
perceive that if Absalom had lived and all of us had died today that it would
all of us had died today that it would
all of us had died today that it would have pleased you well now therefore
have pleased you well now therefore
have pleased you well now therefore arise go out and speak comfort to your
arise go out and speak comfort to your
arise go out and speak comfort to your servants for I swear by the Lord if you
servants for I swear by the Lord if you
servants for I swear by the Lord if you do not go out not one will stay with you
do not go out not one will stay with you
do not go out not one will stay with you this night and that will be worse for
this night and that will be worse for
this night and that will be worse for you
you
you and all the evil that has befallen you
and all the evil that has befallen you
and all the evil that has befallen you from your youth until now remember King
from your youth until now remember King
from your youth until now remember King arose and sat in the gate and they told
arose and sat in the gate and they told
arose and sat in the gate and they told all the people there is the king sitting
all the people there is the king sitting
all the people there is the king sitting in the gate so all the people came
in the gate so all the people came
in the gate so all the people came before the king for every one of Israel
before the king for every one of Israel
before the king for every one of Israel had fled to his tent now all the people
had fled to his tent now all the people
had fled to his tent now all the people were in a dispute throughout all the
were in a dispute throughout all the
were in a dispute throughout all the tribes of Israel the king saved us from
tribes of Israel the king saved us from
tribes of Israel the king saved us from the hand of our enemies he delivered us
the hand of our enemies he delivered us
the hand of our enemies he delivered us from the hand of the Philistines and now
from the hand of the Philistines and now
from the hand of the Philistines and now he is fled from the land because of
he is fled from the land because of
he is fled from the land because of Absalom
Absalom
Absalom but Absalom whom we anointed over us has
but Absalom whom we anointed over us has
but Absalom whom we anointed over us has died in battle
died in battle
died in battle now therefore why do you say nothing
now therefore why do you say nothing
now therefore why do you say nothing about bringing back the king so King
about bringing back the king so King
about bringing back the king so King David sent as a dock and a Bertha the
David sent as a dock and a Bertha the
David sent as a dock and a Bertha the priests speak to the elders of Judah
priests speak to the elders of Judah
priests speak to the elders of Judah saying why are you the last to bring the
saying why are you the last to bring the
saying why are you the last to bring the King back to his house since the words
King back to his house since the words
King back to his house since the words of all Israel have come to the King
of all Israel have come to the King
of all Israel have come to the King through his very house you are my
through his very house you are my
through his very house you are my brethren you are my bone and my flesh
brethren you are my bone and my flesh
brethren you are my bone and my flesh why then are you the last to bring back
why then are you the last to bring back
why then are you the last to bring back the king and say to a Mesa are you not
the king and say to a Mesa are you not
the king and say to a Mesa are you not my bone and my flesh God do so to me and
my bone and my flesh God do so to me and
my bone and my flesh God do so to me and more also if you are not commander of
more also if you are not commander of
more also if you are not commander of the army before me continually in place
the army before me continually in place
the army before me continually in place of Joab so he swayed the hearts of all
of Joab so he swayed the hearts of all
of Joab so he swayed the hearts of all the men of Judah just as the heart of
the men of Judah just as the heart of
the men of Judah just as the heart of one man so that they sent this word to
one man so that they sent this word to
one man so that they sent this word to the king return you and all your
the king return you and all your
the king return you and all your servants
servants
servants when the King returned and came to the
when the King returned and came to the
when the King returned and came to the Jordan and Judah came to Gilgal to go to
Jordan and Judah came to Gilgal to go to
Jordan and Judah came to Gilgal to go to meet the King to escort the King across
meet the King to escort the King across
meet the King to escort the King across the Jordan and shimmy I the son of Gera
the Jordan and shimmy I the son of Gera
the Jordan and shimmy I the son of Gera a Benjamite who was from Purim hurried
a Benjamite who was from Purim hurried
a Benjamite who was from Purim hurried and came down with the men of Judah to
and came down with the men of Judah to
and came down with the men of Judah to meet King David there were a thousand
meet King David there were a thousand
meet King David there were a thousand men of Benjamin with him and Ziya the
men of Benjamin with him and Ziya the
men of Benjamin with him and Ziya the servant of the house of Saul and his 15
servant of the house of Saul and his 15
servant of the house of Saul and his 15 sons and his twenty servants with him
sons and his twenty servants with him
sons and his twenty servants with him and they went over the Jordan before the
and they went over the Jordan before the
and they went over the Jordan before the king then a ferryboat went across to
king then a ferryboat went across to
king then a ferryboat went across to carry over the Kings household and to do
carry over the Kings household and to do
carry over the Kings household and to do what he thought good now shimmy I the
what he thought good now shimmy I the
what he thought good now shimmy I the son of Gera fell down before the King
son of Gera fell down before the King
son of Gera fell down before the King when he had crossed the Jordan do not
when he had crossed the Jordan do not
when he had crossed the Jordan do not let my lord impute iniquity to me or
let my lord impute iniquity to me or
let my lord impute iniquity to me or remember what Ron your servant did on
remember what Ron your servant did on
remember what Ron your servant did on the day that my lord the King left
the day that my lord the King left
the day that my lord the King left Jerusalem but the King should take it to
Jerusalem but the King should take it to
Jerusalem but the King should take it to heart for hire your servant know that I
heart for hire your servant know that I
heart for hire your servant know that I have sinned therefore Here I am the
have sinned therefore Here I am the
have sinned therefore Here I am the first to come today of all the house of
first to come today of all the house of
first to come today of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the
Joseph to go down to meet my lord the
Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king
but a Beshear the son of zeruiah
but a Beshear the son of zeruiah answered shall not shimmy I be put to
answered shall not shimmy I be put to
answered shall not shimmy I be put to death for this because he cursed the
death for this because he cursed the
death for this because he cursed the Lord's anointed and David said what have
Lord's anointed and David said what have
Lord's anointed and David said what have I to do with you you sons of xariah and
I to do with you you sons of xariah and
I to do with you you sons of xariah and you should be adversaries to me today
you should be adversaries to me today
you should be adversaries to me today shall any man be put to death today in
shall any man be put to death today in
shall any man be put to death today in Israel for do I not know that today I am
Israel for do I not know that today I am
Israel for do I not know that today I am king over Israel well for the king said
king over Israel well for the king said
king over Israel well for the king said to shimmer high you shall not have died
to shimmer high you shall not have died
to shimmer high you shall not have died and the kings swore to him now
and the kings swore to him now
and the kings swore to him now mephibosheth the son of Saul came down
mephibosheth the son of Saul came down
mephibosheth the son of Saul came down to meet the king and he had not cared
to meet the king and he had not cared
to meet the king and he had not cared for his feet nor trimmed his mustache
for his feet nor trimmed his mustache
for his feet nor trimmed his mustache nor washed his clothes from the day the
nor washed his clothes from the day the
nor washed his clothes from the day the King departed until the day he returned
King departed until the day he returned
King departed until the day he returned in peace so it was when he had come to
in peace so it was when he had come to
in peace so it was when he had come to Jerusalem to meet the king that the king
Jerusalem to meet the king that the king
Jerusalem to meet the king that the king said to him why did you not go with me
said to him why did you not go with me
said to him why did you not go with me Mephibosheth my lord o king my servant
Mephibosheth my lord o king my servant
Mephibosheth my lord o king my servant deceived me for your servant said I will
deceived me for your servant said I will
deceived me for your servant said I will saddle a donkey for myself that I may
saddle a donkey for myself that I may
saddle a donkey for myself that I may ride on it and go to the king because
ride on it and go to the king because
ride on it and go to the king because your servant is lame and he has
your servant is lame and he has
your servant is lame and he has slandered your servant to my lord the
slandered your servant to my lord the
slandered your servant to my lord the king but my lord the king is like the
king but my lord the king is like the
king but my lord the king is like the angel of God therefore do what is good
angel of God therefore do what is good
angel of God therefore do what is good in your eyes for all my father's house
in your eyes for all my father's house
in your eyes for all my father's house were but dead men before my lord the
were but dead men before my lord the
were but dead men before my lord the king yet you set your servant among
king yet you set your servant among
king yet you set your servant among those who eat at your own table
those who eat at your own table
those who eat at your own table therefore what right have I still to cry
therefore what right have I still to cry
therefore what right have I still to cry out anymore to the king why do you speak
out anymore to the king why do you speak
out anymore to the king why do you speak any more of your matters I have said
any more of your matters I have said
any more of your matters I have said humans aibi
humans aibi
humans aibi divide the land rather let him take it
divide the land rather let him take it
divide the land rather let him take it all in as much as my lord the king has
all in as much as my lord the king has
all in as much as my lord the king has come back in peace to his own house and
come back in peace to his own house and
come back in peace to his own house and Bo Xilai the gileadite
Bo Xilai the gileadite
Bo Xilai the gileadite came down from Rogan and went across the
came down from Rogan and went across the
came down from Rogan and went across the Jordan with the King to escort him
Jordan with the King to escort him
Jordan with the King to escort him across the Jordan
across the Jordan
across the Jordan now Barzillai was a very aged man 80
now Barzillai was a very aged man 80
now Barzillai was a very aged man 80 years old and he had provided the King
years old and he had provided the King
years old and he had provided the King with supplies while he stayed at mare
with supplies while he stayed at mare
with supplies while he stayed at mare name for he was a very rich man
name for he was a very rich man
name for he was a very rich man and the King said to Basel I come across
and the King said to Basel I come across
and the King said to Basel I come across with me and I will provide for you while
with me and I will provide for you while
with me and I will provide for you while you are with me in Jerusalem how long
you are with me in Jerusalem how long
you are with me in Jerusalem how long have I to live that I should go up with
have I to live that I should go up with
have I to live that I should go up with the King to Jerusalem I am today 80
the King to Jerusalem I am today 80
the King to Jerusalem I am today 80 years old and I discern between the good
years old and I discern between the good
years old and I discern between the good and bad can your servant taste what I
and bad can your servant taste what I
and bad can your servant taste what I eat or what I drink can I hear any
eat or what I drink can I hear any
eat or what I drink can I hear any longer the voice of singing men and
longer the voice of singing men and
longer the voice of singing men and singing women why then should your
singing women why then should your
singing women why then should your servant be a further burden to my lord
servant be a further burden to my lord
servant be a further burden to my lord the king the servant will go on this way
the king the servant will go on this way
the king the servant will go on this way across the Jordan with the king and why
across the Jordan with the king and why
across the Jordan with the king and why should the king repay me with such a
should the king repay me with such a
should the king repay me with such a reward
reward
reward please let you serve return back again
please let you serve return back again
please let you serve return back again that I may die at my own City near the
that I may die at my own City near the
that I may die at my own City near the grave of my father the mother but here
grave of my father the mother but here
grave of my father the mother but here is your servant Kim ham let him cross
is your servant Kim ham let him cross
is your servant Kim ham let him cross over with my lord the king and do for
over with my lord the king and do for
over with my lord the king and do for him what seems good to you Kim ham shall
him what seems good to you Kim ham shall
him what seems good to you Kim ham shall cross over with me and I will do for him
cross over with me and I will do for him
cross over with me and I will do for him what seems good to you now whatever you
what seems good to you now whatever you
what seems good to you now whatever you request of me I will do for you then all
request of me I will do for you then all
request of me I will do for you then all the people went over the Jordan
the people went over the Jordan
the people went over the Jordan and when the King had crossed over the
and when the King had crossed over the
and when the King had crossed over the king kissed Basel I and blessed him and
king kissed Basel I and blessed him and
king kissed Basel I and blessed him and he returned to his own place now the
he returned to his own place now the
he returned to his own place now the King went on to Gilgal and Kim Hamm went
King went on to Gilgal and Kim Hamm went
King went on to Gilgal and Kim Hamm went on with him and all the people of Judah
on with him and all the people of Judah
on with him and all the people of Judah escorted the king and also half the
escorted the king and also half the
escorted the king and also half the people of Israel just then all the men
people of Israel just then all the men
people of Israel just then all the men of Israel came to the king why have our
of Israel came to the king why have our
of Israel came to the king why have our brethren the men of Judah stolen you
brethren the men of Judah stolen you
brethren the men of Judah stolen you away and brought the King his household
away and brought the King his household
away and brought the King his household and all David's men with him across the
and all David's men with him across the
and all David's men with him across the Jordan so all the men of Judah answered
Jordan so all the men of Judah answered
Jordan so all the men of Judah answered the men of Israel because the king is a
the men of Israel because the king is a
the men of Israel because the king is a close relative of ours why then are you
close relative of ours why then are you
close relative of ours why then are you angry over this matter
angry over this matter
angry over this matter have we ever eaten at the King's expense
have we ever eaten at the King's expense
have we ever eaten at the King's expense or has he given us any gift and the men
or has he given us any gift and the men
or has he given us any gift and the men of Israel answered the men of Judah we
of Israel answered the men of Judah we
of Israel answered the men of Judah we have 10 shares in the King therefore we
have 10 shares in the King therefore we
have 10 shares in the King therefore we also have more right to David than you
also have more right to David than you
also have more right to David than you why then do you despise us were we not
why then do you despise us were we not
why then do you despise us were we not the first to advise bringing back our
the first to advise bringing back our
the first to advise bringing back our King yet the words of the men of Judah
King yet the words of the men of Judah
King yet the words of the men of Judah were fiercer than the words of the men
were fiercer than the words of the men
were fiercer than the words of the men of Israel